As you can see, the world is changing in the age of AI, but are people and companies or governments preparing properly? KBS interviewed the vice president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, who visited Korea. I heard what kind of role people should consider in the world where AI will change and what kind of work they are preparing with Korean companies. Hello. Microsoft is well-known in Korea for its founder Bill Gates. I interviewed KBS in person last year. First, I asked the AI for those who are curious about who Brad Smith is. He is a leader who values the corporate culture of people. Is that right? I won't complain. I saw the New York Times a few days ago, and it said that Samsung is reviewing how to change its search engine from Google to Microsoft. Did you have any discussions with Samsung? there were a lot of remarks. Michelle Chang, the CEO of Microsoft, said that the company invests millions in A.I. R&D carriers. What 1966 plan of Jabvely Systems in my view we call the A.I. supercomputing infrastructure, we provide the technology on which open A.I. builds these models. And then, we provide the data centers including in Korea so the people are accessing them. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. We asked some questions that responds to AI. Will the era of technology help humanity or threaten humanity? And the answer is that the impact on humanity is a double-edged sword. It all depends on how human beings use it. And I think our role is to identify where there are risks and put in safeguards or guardrails to protect against its abuse. Then, what kind of side effects are you worried about? And he said, I don't need to worry about side effects. A.I. is a machine. It's the job of us as humans to worry. It's my job, our job at Microsoft to worry. It's our job to hope. Recently, Elon Musk of Tesla and some A.I. experts have said that we need to stop developing high-tech A.I. for at least half a year. What do you think of MS's position? I think we should ask ourselves less about what we should stop doing and ask ourselves more what we need to start doing. I would much rather use the next six months to speed up work with governments to identify how we get the best value out of this technology, how we improve schools and opportunities for students, how we use it to advance health care, how we put new rules in place. If we just stop for six months, I don't think the world is going to look very different in September or October than it does today. In a country with a high education rate like Korea, students and parents may be curious about this. A.I. answers everything and does everything for them, but what do they study for? Is it possible to free them from studying thanks to A.I.? But I'd first say step back. Forty years ago, calculators became popular and some people said, oh, students will no longer need to learn math. The best students use calculators to get better at math, including many people here in Korea. Now do the same thing with A.I. If you want to learn another language like English, use A.I. to help you. What do you think of the areas where Korean companies can gain strength? Is Microsoft planning to cooperate with Korean companies in this area? Korea is such an important leader, certainly in many fields of technology. In some ways, our goal, our hope, our request, if you will, is that we'll continue to have the opportunity to partner with the great companies in Korea across the economy. Because we do think A.I. is something that will enable them to continue to be even more successful, not just here at home, but really on a global basis. In the end, it's not A.I. that's responsible for the future, it's the people who make it and use it. It was an interview that looked back on the era of technology. I hope to see you again with better technology for people. Thank you for your time today. Thank you very much. Thank you.
